A Message from the President My beloved Soonchunhyang students, faculty, staff, and alumni! Soonchunhyang University is a higher educational institution that opened Korea’s first medical corporation. For a half century, we have grown into one of the best and most prestigious private universities. Appointed as president, I am greatly honored and wish to open a new bright future with all of you. As the 9th president of Soonchunhyang University, I will cherish ‘Respect for Humanity’, the founding philosophy of the University and explore a new road by working with all of you in unison and with one mind. Based on the “good” university image of sustainability at Soonchunhyang, I will pursue innovation and excellence in academic performance, to rise as a “great university” that can exert continuous impact across our society. First, I will launch New Normal Blended Learning Innovation at Soonchunhyang. As the TLST (Teaching Less for Self-Teaching) paradigm has demonstrated, educational innovation at Soonchunhyang has been implemented in tandem with global standards, and I am proud that it is now the nation’s best level. Going forward, I will build a New Normal Blended Learning system to support student learning both online and offline, so that in the post-pandemic era, Soonchunhyang can continue leading Korea’s educational innovation. I will establish an “enthusiastic campus platform” to help student seek self-development on campus and a “challenging learning platform” aiming to cultivate student learning ability as an active host. The 2021 admission ceremony of Soonchunhyang was conducted in metaverse where all freshmen participated in tangible virtual reality. Being the world’s first heralds the start of a new normal enthusiastic campus platform and opens a new history in university education paradigm. Second, Soonchunhyang will be the mecca of practical convergence research through the cultivation of a campus R&BD park. Soonchunhyang University has become the top regional private university as its five business groups were selected as the 4th phase BK (Brain Korea) projects in 2020. As was shown in the success stories of global leading universities, practical research has played a pivotal role in promoting profit-oriented university finance and management. I will build a support system so that Soonchunhyang makes a significant contribution to solving social issues by strengthening convergence between biomedicine, information and communications technology, and the humanities. Curriculum and the academic environment will be restructured to ensure that our graduate school will be at the forefront of cultivating research talents. To ensure the early construction of the campus R&BD park, I will foster cooperation between various campus startup infrastructures and promote a collaboration with national and local governments. Third, I will lift our SCH brand value to rank among the top 200 universities in the world, and top 20 in Korea. Today, the brand value of a university is directly related to its competitiveness. Amid the Covid-19 pandemic, university brand has gained increasing importance. I will boost our positive preference by enhancing Soonchunhyang brand recognition and nurturing our reputation. Our goal is to rank among the top 200 in THE impact rankings and the top 100 in QS Asian University Rankings. As for the hospital, our goal is to rank among the top 100 in World’s Best Hospitals by Newsweek. By building on our perceived quality (PQ) which is closely related to university brand value, we will achieve Soonchunhyang brand asset value ranking in the top 20 in Korea and the top 200 in the world. Fourth, I will build our differentiated brand of Soonchunhyang Healthy University (SH3U). The COVID-19 pandemic has completely changed our lives, perception and social structure. University is no exception. The health and safety of university members are considered to be more important than education. Soonchunhyang University has established its image as one of the healthiest universities in Korea, and has built up sufficient capability and attained competitive advantage. During my term, I will be dedicated to further reinforcing a differentiated brand of ‘Healthy Soonchunhyang University.’ Specifically, I will cultivate our “Healthy Campus” to enhance student satisfaction, strengthen “Healthcare Specialization” to promote clinical faculty’s translational research, and realize “Healthy Finance” to overcome the challenges of university finance. My beloved Soonchunhyang family! Management and growth are two pillars in operating an institution. Generally, universities are more focused on their management systems. During my term, however, I will put more weight in growth. This shift of focus will bring about significant changes in our administrative paradigm. I will strive to lay a solid foundation for new growth, building on our accumulated capabilities, enthusiasm and the love of all of us toward our Soonchunhyang community. I firmly believe the philosophy of the founder of Soonchunhyang University, the late Dr. Succ-Jo Suh, that the future of Soonchunhyang is only built on human respect. I will realize a happy and bright university campus where all members respect each other through open communication and mutual support. Listening carefully to the opinions of our Soonchunhyang family, I will do my best to achieve a university culture of trust and harmony through communication across various channels. Thank you. Industry and academics prosper together through splendid performance in innovative research.> Lift our brand to the world by rising as a prestigious specialized university> March 2, 2021 Seungwoo KIM, Ph.D. The 9th President